I am the tallest, but not heaviest, land mammal. I have a long neck to pluck leaves off the high trees.  
giraffe
I am an underwater creature, usually a predator. I am often large, but not always. I can sometimes fit into a human's hand. 
shark
I am very small. Everything seems so vast! I am a jumping insect with very long antennae, and I make a sound irritating to humans. 
cricket
I have long tusks and a long trunk. Also, I am the largest living land mammal!  
elephant
I am now an African animal with black and white stripes. One of my closest relatives is a horse. 
zebra
I mainly feed on grass. I can jump far thanks to my strong legs. I also have long ears. Now hurry up and guess what I am!  
rabbit
I breathe with gills. I have scales that cover me and I swim using my fins.   
fish
I am an Australian marsupial, not usually hopping slowly.When I have a baby, it's always called joey.  
kangaroo
I live on a farm,You can ride me,fighters used me in wars in ancient times . 
horse
I can be many striped colors - orange or white to name a few,I may be a cat, but I definitely don't say "mew". 
tiger
I sometimes make squeaks or clicks,And I swim in the ocean. 
dolphin
There are many cartoons that are based on me,To name a couple, there's Mickey and Minnie! 
mouse
I am a close relative of the dog, and I often travel in a pack.I can be colors of grey, white, or black. 
wolf
My babies are called lambs,I have a thick coat of fleece. 
sheep
My favorite food is bamboo, I am white, but I'm black, too.
panda
I am big and very hairy,The "teddy" version of me keeps the night from being scary.
bear
I live in the desert, and it is hot there!My body is covered in brown, shaggy hair. 
camel
I am a common sight in nearly every zoo,I can even do some of the things that humans do , My favorite food is banana .
monkey
I go "who, who",And may scare you,I come out at night,And eat mice. 
owl
I like to bark,And go for walks in the park,I am man's best friend .
dog
I like to "rib-it",And have webbed feet,I can jump high,And even hibernate.
frog
I am the biggest reptile,and have teeth that can kill,I live near the water,And live around the world.
crocodile
I am a cat with a short, rounded head, a reduced neck and round ears, and a hairy tuft at the end of my  tail. i called the king of the zoo .
lion
Well, hello there. I am a very furry plant-eating animal . I like to climb in trees, and am known for moving very slowly.
sloth
I-i-it's goo-oo-ood to mee-ee-eet you! I am a distant relative of the sheep, Males of my species are called bucks or billies .
goat
I am one of the closest relatives to human beings. I have reddish hair and lengthy arms. 
orangutan